Hello, Brioche here, creator of this part pack.

I am working incredibly hard to make this pack accurate, but due to SFS being two-dimensional, there are several liberties taken either to allow the parts to retain functionality, or because they were not possible in the part toolkit.
I have created this text file to document these inaccuracies and explain them, but of course, these are only the inaccuracies I know of because I made those liberties. If you see an inaccuracy not documented, that is a genuine mistake.
If you spot any of those, please contact me on the Spaceflight Simulator official discord or comment on the release YouTube video. I would love to hear and fix them!
Simplifications of details for texturing will not be included, neither will tiny greebling details, as those 
------------------------------

Apollo Spacecraft

------------------------------

Command/Service Module:
1. Center Launch Escape System motor nozzle
Not added due to
2. Rotation of the spacecraft itself
My Saturn booster is modeled between Position II and III, with Fin B pointed towards the camera. IRL, the hatch of the CM would be on Position I, 225° clockwise (looking down from the top of the rocket) from where I have modeled it.
This change was mostly for aesthetics, just to provide a head-on spacecraft, although RCS was also a factor.

3. Lack of docking probe jettison
In real life, after lunar liftoff, docking, and crew transfer of the LM's ascent stage, the CM would not just undock from the stage to discard it. 
Rather it would jettison the entire docking assembly, leaving it docked to the discarded stage. You can see this absence of the docking assembly in photos of splashdown and recovery.
In my pack, there is no such option, just undocking. I tried several solutions, but each was either too easy to activate by accident, impeded on usability for custom missions, or were just not intuitive. 

4. Lack of drogue chutes:
I wasn't able to find a way to add them accurately and in a way that was intuitive.

5. Lack of RCS thrusters on forward heat shield
This was a modeling and texturing difficulty. Will likely be fixed soon.

6. Heat shield color
This is one of the several details that is surprisingly super difficult to find resources on. Sources I found described grey/light grey, this is my best approximation of that description

7. SPS Rotation
This rotation is purely for aesthetics, to provide an interesting position. Due to this being an unnecessary change, this is something I may go back on and fix in the future.

------------------------------

Lunar Module:
1. Lunar Module pyromark/thermal blanket patterns
The LM's thermal protection patterns varied widely throughout the missions. <https://bugsandrockets.wordpress.com/2016/02/13/the-changing-face-of-the-lunar-module> does a great job listing these differences.
This part pack represents no particular mission, but the Descent Stage uses the pattern seen on Apollo 11 due to how iconic it is.
The Ascent Stage, however, resembles the stages used on Apollos 12-17, as Apollo 11 (and 10) uses a significantly different ascent stage pattern.
In order to represent more missions, the Ascent Stage's thermal patterns were left ambiguous and as a mix of different missions.

2. Lack of "front porch" and middle landing leg 
Addition of these details would be possible, but using the 2d animation system to create the animation would be incredibly difficult. These will likely never be added. Maybe if I get really really bored, though.

3. Spacecraft rotation
Inside the rocket, the hatch of the LM would face outward from Position III, 180° off of the CM's hatch, and 45° again clockwise of where I modeled it.
This is due to the both impracticality of operating, and the much much harder modeling of the LM from that angle, 45° rotated in a 2D space. 

------------------------------

Saturn V

------------------------------

S-IVB:
1. Placement of ullage motors/absence of Auxiliary Propulsion System
On the real series 500 stages, the ullage motors would lie on Positions II and IV. I have them rotated 45° off to make them work in a 2d environment.
As for the APS, I could have it integrated with the S-IVB thrust structure, but that's not something I would like to do.
That being said, if you see this, let me know what you think.

2. Engine mount rotation
I could not find good references of the Pos II/III rotations. Will fix if I do.

3. Engine mount color
This is another part I had difficulty finding resources on. While Series 200 (Saturn IB) had an orange engine base, I could not find conclusive resources for the Series 500 S-IVB stages. This is artistic license.

4. J-2 rotation
I don't want to create multiple parts for the same engine.

------------------------------

S-II:
1. Engine mount greebling
Difficulty finding good resources of my orientation. If I do, will definitely fix.

2. J-2 rotation
I don't want to create multiple parts for the same engine.

------------------------------

S-IC:
1. F-1 rotation
I don't want to create multiple parts for the same engine.

2. F-1 insulation
Creative liberty to enable usage in custom builds. I'll add if I ever figure out toggling.

3. Lack of retrorockets on thrust structure
Difficulties with fragmentation behavior.

------------------------------